Ali | Amir / Storybook for components (#2009)
binary-com/deriv-app: packages/components/stories/date-of-birth-picker/README.md

# DateOfBirthPicker Component

> A component to get the user's birthdate. Allowed range is from 18 to 100 (excluding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A desktop date picker component to get the user's birthdate based on `age` value. Allowed `age` range is from 18 to 100 (excluding).
```

> Renders a `DateOfBirthPicker` component. `DateOfBirthPicker` restricts users with age < 18 and age > 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renders a `DateOfBirthPicker` component. Allowed range is from 18 to 100 (excluding).
```

#### Supported Gestures:

-   Click

#### Supported Events:

-   onChange

## Usage

```jsx
import DateOfBirthPicker from 'Components/date-of-birth-picker';

const DummyComponent = props => (
    <DateOfBirthPicker
        name='date_of_birth'
        label={'Date of birth*'}
        onChange={({ target }) => console.log(toMoment(target.value).format('YYYY-MM-DD'))}
    />
);
```

## Props

| Name               | Type         | Default     | Description                                                 |
| ------------------ | ------------ | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| name               | {string}     | null        | Name of the DateOfBirthPicker                               |
| lable              | {string}     | null        | Lable of the DateOfBirthPicker                              |
| value              | {string}     | null        | Default value of the DateOfBirthPicker                      |

> | onChange           | {function}   | undefined   | Function returns the changed value of DateOfBirthPicker     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| onChange           | {function}   | undefined   | Function returns current value of DateOfBirthPicker     |
```
